Three fixes required. All are independent — fix 
them in parallel, not sequentially.

FIX 1 — maxRetries validation too strict

The reframeworkConfig schema rejects maxRetries 
values less than 1. The LLM is generating 0 or 
null, which is a valid real-world configuration 
(some processes have no retry policy). The schema 
should not block generation over this.

Two changes:
1. Change the schema validation for maxRetries 
   to accept 0 as a valid value. The constraint 
   should be: maxRetries >= 0, not maxRetries >= 1.

2. Add a default value fallback in the enricher: 
   if the LLM returns null or undefined for 
   maxRetries, coerce it to 1 before validation 
   rather than failing. This handles the case 
   where the LLM omits the field entirely.

Do not make the schema more permissive beyond 
this. The validation is otherwise correct and 
should stay strict.

FIX 2 — Download endpoint must not regenerate

The /download-uipath endpoint must only serve 
a pre-built package. It must never trigger 
regeneration.

Change the endpoint logic to:

  1. Check for a cached/built package
  2. If found: serve it immediately
  3. If not found: return a clear 404 response:
     { 
       error: 'PACKAGE_NOT_BUILT',
       message: 'No package has been successfully 
         generated for this idea. Use the Generate 
         Package action to build one first.'
     }
  4. Never call the enricher or any generation 
     code from this endpoint

The frontend must handle the PACKAGE_NOT_BUILT 
response by showing a clear message to the user: 
"Package not yet generated — click Generate 
Package to build it." Not a generic error.

FIX 3 — Package card must not render until 
build is confirmed

The package card with download and deploy buttons 
must only appear after the build has completed 
successfully and the package status is READY or 
READY_WITH_WARNINGS.

Currently the card renders when the package spec 
is stored as a chat message, before the enrichment 
and build steps complete. This is wrong.

Change the sequencing:
1. While generation is in progress: show only 
   the streaming progress log, no package card
2. On build failure: show an error state with 
   a Retry button, no package card with buttons
3. On build success (READY or READY_WITH_WARNINGS): 
   render the package card with active buttons
4. The package card buttons (Download, Deploy) 
   must be visually disabled and non-interactive 
   in any state other than READY or 
   READY_WITH_WARNINGS

The error message must appear inside the error 
state card, not below a seemingly successful 
package card. The user must never see both a 
success UI and an error message at the same time.

VERIFICATION
1. Trigger a package generation and confirm 
   maxRetries: 0 no longer causes a validation 
   failure
2. Confirm the package card does not appear 
   during generation — only the progress log
3. After a successful generation, confirm the 
   package card appears with active buttons
4. After a failed generation, confirm only an 
   error state with Retry button appears
5. Click Download on a successfully built package 
   — confirm it serves immediately without 
   triggering regeneration
6. Manually clear the cache and click Download — 
   confirm PACKAGE_NOT_BUILT response and clear 
   UI message
7. All 113 tests still pass
8. New tests for:
   - maxRetries: 0 passes schema validation
   - maxRetries: null coerces to 1
   - Download endpoint returns 404 when no 
     cached package exists
   - Package card does not render when status 
     is BUILDING or FAILED